alright what's up guys i haven't done an
iphone video in a while I haven't done
this what's on my iPhone video for her
ever since august two thousand ten spin
a while anyways let's go ahead i have a
lot for you guys and yeah so this is my
lock screen I have of a pic picture of a
chemistry lab that we did it's pretty
cool so anyways this is my home screen
there's ipodmail so far and Twitter on
the bottom that I usually have phone
contacts so these are standard with a
little folder of apps or in itunes now
let's start off with photography I've
camera plus Photoshop Express photo
speak pro camera tilt chip generator
picture show stop motion and flip group
and i think i'll make a video in stop
motion on next couple of weeks hopefully
by the way before again two more
applications if you guys have any
applications that i have on my iphone
that you guys want me to review please
tell me in the comments so yeah for
internet i have mobile mouse which used
to be called something else i forgot dig
FML a ustream broadcaster in live
Metallica SI listen to metallica
utilities I have compass convert units
convert units one huh voice memos fake
calls ibooks light simple sentence of
find iphone so fake calls is something
that you can use I I got it when I was
free a long time ago back maybe two or
three years ago even enables you to make
a simulation fake call from fig person
simple sentence is to view stuff from
Adsense text I've dragon dictation
messages I moved it to hear because I
don't actually have an ATT service or a
data plan or text plan so it's pointless
to have this here just wish I can delete
them anyways I have textfree unlimited
which I use very often often of google
voice their social I of Facebook bump am
myspace which I don't know why I have
skype Tweety tumblr and the ustream
viewer
SI do have a tumblr by the way and it
where an arcade to this is one of many
application game folders Harbormaster
fly control banner free which isn't a
game gun-free a gun range sorry tourism
plants vs zombies mega jump ninjump
touchgrind pocket tanks smack talk and
pocket god it's awesome this is a second
folder angry birds fruit ninja Metallica
Tris topple stick wards texas holdem
worms wordle and paper toss sarios and
in focus i'm just focus air and games
another up games folder scram we'll see
each cut the rope scoops this is a nazi
game i figure out what it's called and i
believe it was free so yeah anyways I've
geared doodle fit veggie samurai which
is basically fruit ninja except
vegetables go go gadget and finger
balance i'm pretty sure i'm going to
review this very soon so look out for
that in news I've engadget cnet the
unofficial apple web blog and gadget is
the most that i use from this
application folder because i think
they're an awesome sight and shopping
I've black friday amazoncom ebay red
laser app shopper home DSLR which is a
digital runs a web app Apple Store and
amazon price check reference I've
dictionary backgrounds to get background
sign the watson reference wool from
wolfram alpha which is some awesome
awesome application it's also a website
that i used to use and i found out that
they have an application so i bought
this and i have mocha pedia an
entertainment I have a flixster I'm DB
me tube and VLC say me tubes awesome
unfortunately it was taken out of the
apps or VLC is something that's still in
there I think um and you can put
different kinds of movie files in here
I've these two that I wanted to put on
my iPhone but I couldn't
but I download VLC and it's all good
music app music folders excuse me um I
don't easy sound all but I don't know
why I have them beat wave packet sound
they're both beat making applications
pandora radio Shazam metronome
application I'm t-pain and i deftly and
sleep i have ambience and sleep cycle I
don't use is that all I used to use
sleep cycle very often but a sleep cycle
is very unique I'll do a review on if
you guys want me to or just make you
know Twitter review I don't know but if
you guys want me to go ahead and tell me
in the comments there's spawn glow
spawns symmetry for my friend and I've
whistle whistle is probably really
awesome application I mean it's one of
the most awesome applications whistle
allows you to call any phone through
that yeah anyways it uses a I mean he
generates a phone number for you for you
to call and it's also on the Mac App
Store which is really cool that's how I
know about it because my friend told me
about it on the mac app store and it was
on iphone so in the last pages are on
all unorganized once and i'm too lazy to
put them in to folder Fandango shady
puzzles cartoon wars genius can cover
orange CollegeHumor wimp com burger
Queen and speed tests let me just tell
you that I'm completely addicted to with
burger Queen excuse me it's an awesome
free application i'm not sure if it's
free right now but it's i'm just so it's
an awesome application speed test is
self-explanatory just go to
speedtest.net or just download this app
download this application excuse me up
going insane with this yeah so it allows
you to check on what how your download
speed and upload speed of your internet
so
it's pretty useful and that's all i have
for you guys today i just want to talk
really fast in this video because as you
can see it's been over six minutes long
reviewing all these applications and
talking so if you guys want me to review
anything just tell me in the comments
below hope you guys enjoy that and i'll
see you guys in my next video thanks for
watching